Code Book for Getting and Cleaning Data Final Project

Tidy data set from this project is located in seconddata.txt.
Readme.md contains background information on the data set
The run_analysis.R script contains all the steps used to to create the data set in seconddata.txt. These steps were:

1. Downloading and extract the data set from the folder called UCI HAR Dataset

2. Assign variables to data
  a. activity_labels for the data from activity_labels.txt. 6 rows x 2 columns of data listing activities performed when measurements were taken with codes/labels.
  b. features for the data from features.txt. 561 x 2 of data showing accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ.
  c. subject_test for the data from subject_test.txt. 2947 x 1 containing test data of 9/30 volunteer test subjects being observed.
  d. x_test for the data from X_test.txt. 2947 x 561 containing recorded features test data.
  e. y_test for the data from y_test.txt. 2947 x 1 containing test data for activities.
  f. subject_train for the data from subject_train.txt. 7352 x 1 containing train data for 21/30 volunteer subjects being observed.
  g. x_train for the data from X_train.txt. 7352 x 561 containing recorded features training data.
  h. y_train for the data from y_train.txt. 7352 x 1 containing training data for activities.

3. Merging the training and test sets to create one data set
  a. x created by merging x_train and x_test with the rbind() function to create data with dimensions 10299 x 561
  b. y created by merging y_train and y_test with the rbind() function to create data with dimensions 10299 x 1
  c. subject created by merging subject_train and subject_test with the rbind() function to create data with dimensions 10299 x 1
  d. data_merged created by merging x, y, and subject with the cbind() function to create data with dimensions 10299 x 563.
  
4. Extract only the mean and standard deviation measurements into tidydata, dimensions 10299 x 88, by subsetting data_merged while selecting columns subject, code, and the mean and standard deviation of each measurement.

5. Descriptive activity names used to name the activities in the data set. Numbers in code from tidydata replaced by second column of activities_labels

6. Data set labeled with descriptive variable names.
  a. Code column renamed "activity"
  b. All occurences of "Acc" renamed "Accelerometer"
  c. All occurences of "angle" renamed "Angle"
  d. All occurences of "BodyBody" renamed "Body"
  e. All occurences of "-freq()" and "^f" renamed "Frequency"
  f. All occurences of "gravity" renamed "Gravity"
  g. All occurences of "Gyro" renamed "Gyroscope"
  h. All occurences of "Mag" renamed "Magnitude"
  i. All occurences of "-mean()" renamed "Mean"
  j. All occurences of "-std()" renamed "Standard Deviation"
  k. All occurences of "^t" renamed "Time"
  l. All occurences of "tBody" renamed "TimeBody"
  
7. From the data in step 4, tidy data set with the average of each activity and subject created and put in seconddata.txt which has dimensions 180 x 88
